Kelden:  welcome to ReddiPod the podcast where we dive into some of the most interesting and hilarious topics from Reddit. I'm your host Kelden, joined by my co-host Emily...

Emily:  hi everyone, happy Tuesday morning - or should i say early afternoon? it's June 4th, around 3:18 AM here on ReddiPod!

Kelden:  that is correct emily! and we're kicking off with some Lakers talk. our first topic comes from @k4f123 who says...

Emily:  ahaha, already getting into it Kelden? okay, what's the title of this one - I'm ready to dive in!

Kelden:  Kobe was the man... now Emily, you know how much i love Kobe Bryant. but tell me your take on why he stands out as an example...

Emily:  oh boy, where do we even start? for me, it's all about his work ethic and dedication to being great - I mean, this guy wasn't gifted with athleticism like some of the other players in the league, so he had to put in the extra effort. And let's be real, who else could win a championship without being the most physically dominant player on their team?

Kelden:  exactly! people think they need to have all these physical gifts and that just isn't true...

Emily:  right?! it's like @w00tbox said in one of those comments - He wasn't the biggest or strongest, but he worked his butt off - I mean, if more players had Kobe's drive, we'd see a lot fewer excuses on the court

Kelden:  and what about lil_cleverguy? who thinks that kobe was definitely physically gifted...

Emily:  oh man, @lil_cleverguy is gonna get it from me! I mean, come on, dude won the dunk contest in his prime - he had some serious athleticism going for him. But even with all those physical gifts, Kobe still worked tirelessly to perfect his craft

Kelden:  haha yeah... so Emily what do you think about this series between the Celtics and Mavericks?

Emily:  oh boy, I'm loving it! @thesonicvision's post really got me thinking - they're saying that despite being favored, Boston might not be as strong of a team as we thought. And with Luka Doncic on fire right now...

Kelden:  yeah no kidding... magic johnson had some thoughts about this series too

Emily:  oh man, Magic's always good for an analysis! He brought up that classic '04 NBA Finals where his Lakers lost to the Pistons - you know, when Chauncey Billups and Co. upset them despite being underdogs

Kelden:  yeah... I love how he just drops those gems of wisdom on us every now and then

Emily:  right?! Magic's got a way with words that makes it sound like common sense, but only after you've thought about it for hours! And @Eric_T_Meraki summed up the series perfectly - A simple 'F**k The Celtics' would have been enough

Kelden:   yeah... and what do we think is gonna happen in this series?

Emily:  I'm going with my gut, Kelden. Dallas has got that momentum on their side right now, but Boston's still a tough team to count out - especially when you've got Kyrie Irving playing like he does

Kelden:  yeah... and finally we have our last topic from @Tipofmywhip about the Lakers under Dr Jerry Buss

Emily:  ahaha, this one's gonna be fun! I mean, who doesn't love talking about Showtime-era Lakers? What do you think is the most impressive part of their run under Dr. Buss' leadership

Kelden:  yeah... and what did he get right that other owners got wrong?

Emily:  oh man, it's all about trust in his front office guys - Pat Riley, Jerry West, Bill Sharman... they were given autonomy to make decisions, which led to some amazing moves like drafting Magic Johnson

Kelden:  exactly! and I think what really sets him apart is that he didn't try to micromanage everything

Emily:  yeah no way, Dr. Buss knew when to step back and let his people do their jobs - it's almost the opposite of how things are run today with Jeanie Buss at the helm

Kelden:   well there you have it folks... that wraps up our topics for tonight

Emily:  thanks for tuning in, everyone! We had some great discussions on Kobe Bryant, the Celtics-Mavericks series, and Dr. Jerry Buss' Lakers dynasty - shoutouts to @k4f123, @thesonicvision, and @Tipofmywhip for sparking these conversations

Kelden: 