Kelden:  welcome to ReddiPod, I'm Kelden

Emily:  And I'm Emily! It's Tuesday morning at around 1:39 AM... perfect timing for a podcast about all things Lakers-related

Kelden:  yeah and we're diving into three trending topics from the subreddit right now. So let me just go through them real quick – topic number one is, Sean Deveney reporting that the Los Angeles Lakers are expected to make a trade pitch for Lauri Markkanen

Emily:  Ah, interesting! I've seen some mixed reactions about this on social media already. What's your take on it? Do you think they should pull out all stops to get him or play it cautious with their assets

Kelden:  yeah, i'm definitely in the camp that we shouldn't give up too much value for Lauri Markkanen...

Emily:  I agree! Danny Ainge is notorious for making shrewd deals. We don't want to be on the wrong end of one of those trades again like with the Westbrook trade

Kelden:  exactly, and it's not just about giving away this year's draft pick either – some fans are talking about offering protections or removing them altogether...

Emily:  Yeah, that's a big consideration. If we're going to give up assets, let's make sure they count for something tangible in the long run. What do you think Lauri Markkanen brings to the table? Is he worth potentially sacrificing our future draft capital

Kelden:  well I don't know if it's necessarily about his skillset – but more so who else is out there...

Emily:  Ah, fair point! The free agent market isn't exactly overflowing with superstars this offseason. But are we really convinced that Markkanen is the missing piece to get us over the hump? Maybe he'd be a nice addition, but not worth mortgaging our future for

Kelden:  and some fans think it's all about Danny Ainge being tricky again...

Emily:  Ugh, don't even get me started on that guy! He always seems to find ways to make us regret making deals with him. I mean, remember the Westbrook trade? We were supposed to be getting a superstar in return for our future draft picks and now we're stuck with Russell's massive contract

Kelden:  yeah... so anyway moving forward – what do you think about offering protections on one or more of those picks...

Emily:  Hmm, that might not be the worst idea. If it means keeping some flexibility while still making a move for Markkanen, I'd consider it. But we have to make sure our scouts are doing their due diligence and evaluating his value accurately before committing

Kelden:  yeah, exactly – gotta get something out of this deal...

Emily:  Absolutely! We can't just be giving away assets without getting anything in return. It's like that old saying goes - you don't know what you got till it's gone! And I'm not sure we're ready to part with our future draft picks so easily

Kelden:  alright, let's move on to topic number two – Magic Johnson talking about the Celtics being favored over the Mavericks...

Emily:  Oh boy, this is gonna be fun. So Magic thinks the Celtics are a lock? I think he might want to take another look at that series before making such bold claims

Kelden:  yeah, it's not like they're just going to roll over – but Luka and Kyrie can definitely put on a show...

Emily:  That's true! Those two have the potential to go off any given night. And don't forget about Jayson Tatum - he's been playing some clutch basketball lately too

Kelden:  yeah, it'll be an interesting series – but I think Magic is right in saying that Dallas has a chance...

Emily:  Hmm, maybe so! Luka and Kyrie are both superstars who can take over games. And if they're clicking on the same night, it could get ugly for Boston's defense

Kelden:  yeah, like he mentioned – Chauncey Billups led his team to an upset victory in '04...

Emily:  Oh man, what a classic series that was! The Pistons were huge underdogs against Shaq and Kobe, but they played some incredible basketball. And it just goes to show you - even with more talent on paper doesn't always mean the better team wins

Kelden:  exactly – so I think we can all agree...

Emily:  Yeah? What's that? That this series is gonna be a wild ride and anyone who says otherwise might want to rethink their picks!

Kelden:  yeah, it'll come down to which team shows up on the court each night...

Emily:  Agreed. Both teams have shown flashes of brilliance throughout the season, but they've also had some stinkers too. It's gonna be a series where you can't take anything for granted

Kelden:  alright moving on – topic number three is about Dr. Jerry Buss and his legacy...

Emily:  Ah, now this one I'm really excited to dive into! The man was a genius when it came to building teams around superstars like Magic Johnson and Kobe Bryant

Kelden:  yeah, he had an incredible eye for talent – but also knew how to surround them with the right people...

Emily:  Exactly! He understood that sometimes you need more than just individual stars to win championships. And let's not forget his willingness to take risks on guys like Pat Riley and Phil Jackson

Kelden:  yeah, it was all about building a strong foundation – from top to bottom...

Emily:  That's so true. From the front office to the training staff, Dr. Buss invested in creating an organization that could compete at the highest level consistently

Kelden:  and I think his ability to trust people like Jerry West and Bill Sharman was key too...

Emily:  Oh absolutely! He knew when to step back and let others do their jobs while still providing guidance where needed. It's a lesson for any organization, really - sometimes you just need to get out of the way and let your experts work

Kelden:  yeah – so what are some takeaways from his legacy...

Emily:  Well, I think one big takeaway is that building a successful team requires more than just talent. You also need strong leadership, smart decision-making, and attention to detail throughout every level of the organization

Kelden:  alright well there you have it folks – our three topics for today's ReddiPod...

Emily:  Thanks for tuning in everyone! We hope you enjoyed this episode as much as we did. And a huge shoutout to all the original posters and commenters on Reddit who helped spark these conversations

Kelden: 