Kelden:  welcome to ReddiPod, the podcast where we dive into all things trending on Reddit. I'm your host Kelden and joining me today is my trusty sidekick Emily...

Emily:  hey there everyone, nice to be here again with our pal Kelden! It's Wednesday June 5th, 12:36 PM for those keeping track – perfect time for a mid-week podcast session

Kelden:  so let's get started. we've got three topics lined up today from the teslamotors subreddit...

Emily:  oh yeah? what are they about this week? anything exciting or just more FSD drama?

Kelden:  well, topic number one is actually a pretty big deal for Tesla owners - Full Self-Driving software version 12.4.1 has been released to employees and potentially limited external customers...

Emily:  whoa, that's huge! I've heard rumors of this update being the real game-changer in terms of FSD performance – what are people saying about it so far?

Kelden:  yeah, from what i saw on Reddit, some users have reported positive experiences with reduced interventions and even one user mentioned their commute is now almost intervention-free...

Emily:  that's amazing to hear! I've always been impressed by the progress Tesla has made in this area. But at the same time, we can't ignore all the criticisms about FSD still being a work-in-progress – what are your thoughts on it?

Kelden:  i think people just need to remember where they came from... like when AP first launched and everyone was freaking out because of how bad it was...

Emily:  oh man, yeah! I totally agree. And now we're at the point where FSD is actually getting pretty good – sure, there are still some kinks to work out, but overall progress has been incredible. But you know what's even more impressive? The community itself, always pushing Tesla to improve and providing valuable feedback

Kelden:  absolutely... so @22marks says they've noticed that their interventions have gone down significantly with this new update...

Emily:  nice! So it sounds like we're seeing some real-world results here. But what about the ones who are still having issues? Like, I saw a post from someone saying FSD is struggling to recognize certain types of intersections – how do you think Tesla can improve on that front?

Kelden:  yeah... i mean maybe they just need more data and testing in those specific scenarios...

Emily:  exactly! And it's not like this update isn't already a major step forward. I'm sure we'll continue to see improvements as the system gets even more training data from users – but for now, progress is being made

Kelden:  alright moving on to topic number two - Tesla has updated its vehicle manuals with new info about Autowiper and Vision Autopark systems...

Emily:  oh cool! I love when they share behind-the-scenes stuff like this. So what's the scoop? Can we finally get some customizable wiper settings or something?

Kelden:  yeah, you can increase sensitivity now - which is nice for heavy rain situations... but also some people are saying it would be great if Tesla could tell apart bug guts from actual raindrops on the windshield

Emily:  haha, oh man that's so relatable! I mean who hasn't had to deal with those pesky bugs stuck in their wiper blades? But yeah, having a system smart enough to differentiate between debris and real precipitation would make Autowipers even more reliable – fingers crossed they'll add it soon

Kelden:  alright moving on... topic number three is just for fun - someone created an amazing custom Cybertruck design featuring Clark Griswold from National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation as the driver

Emily:  oh my god, that sounds hilarious! I love a good holiday-themed car hack. Can we get some screenshots up in here?

Kelden:  yeah and it looks like they even got creative with the interior... there are presents wrapped under the tree on the back seat...

Emily:  ahaha, this is amazing! It's so detailed – what kind of attention to detail did that person put into making sure everything was just right for Clark Griswold?

Kelden:  and it looks like someone even knows who made the design in real life - a car enthusiast with an Instagram account...

Emily:  wow, small world! I love when we get these little Easter eggs on Reddit – always makes me feel connected to the community. So what's next for this Cybertruck?

Kelden:  and that's all the time we have today folks thanks for tuning in... assistant  Emily;  yeah, it was a blast chatting about Tesla news with you! Thanks again to our awesome ReddiPod crew out there who helped make these topics possible – shoutout especially to @22marks, Unclassifi3d, and all the others whose comments sparked some great discussions

Emily: 