Kelden: 11:46 AM on a beautiful Tuesday, and you know what that means... it's time for another episode of ReddiPod

Emily:  hahahaha nice one Kelden! yeah, I'm loving the energy already. So, we've got three topics lined up from r/TeslaMotors today – Elon Musk allegedly ordering Nvidia to ship AI chips reserved for Tesla to x and xAI; FSD v12.4 facing delays with a beta tester taking down their testing video on YouTube but it still lives on elsewhere... what's the deal with that? And lastly, adaptive headlights making its way to 2024 models in the US – yay or nay? Which one do you want us to tackle first

Kelden:  I think we should start off strong and talk about Elon Musk allegedly ordering Nvidia to ship AI chips reserved for Tesla to x and xAI.

Emily:  oh boy, this is juicy! so it's like a ticking time bomb of drama just waiting to explode – allegations that Elon Musk ordered Nvidia to divert thousands of AI chips meant for Tesla to X and xAI instead... what do you think about this Kelden?

Kelden:  I mean, come on. This sounds pretty shady if true

Emily:  totally agree! it's like he's putting his own interests ahead of the company that employs him as CEO – can't say we didn't see this coming from someone known for their... let's call them interesting business decisions

Kelden:  yeah, and I mean, what about fiduciary duty? He has a responsibility to Tesla shareholders

Emily:  exactly! it sounds like he might be prioritizing his own personal agenda over the well-being of the company – not just that, but also potentially harming investors who trusted him with their money

Kelden:  some people are already calling for Elon's head on a platter. Do you think they're being too harsh?

Emily:  I don't know if too harsh is the right phrase... more like maybe he should be held accountable for his actions – it seems to me that this kind of move could have far-reaching consequences, and as CEO, someone needs to take responsibility

Kelden:  yeah. And what about Tim Cook's situation with Apple and Nike? Some people are drawing parallels between the two

Emily:  oh man, now you're bringing in another layer of complexity – I mean, it is interesting that some folks are pointing out how Tim Cook has a similar dual role as CEO of both Apple and board member at Nike... if Elon Musk can get called out for this kind of thing, why not hold others to the same standard?

Kelden:  yeah. And what about his compensation package? Should he be getting paid millions while potentially harming Tesla's interests like this

Emily:  absolutely! I mean, it seems like a clear case of do as I say, but don't do as I do – if Elon Musk is making decisions that benefit himself over the company and its shareholders, then maybe we should rethink his compensation package...

Kelden:  yeah. And what about the potential legal implications? Can Tesla even survive this kind of scandal

Emily:  oh boy, now you're getting into some serious territory! I mean, if Elon Musk did indeed order Nvidia to divert those AI chips and it's found out that he knew all along... there could be major lawsuits coming down the pipeline – not just from investors, but maybe even regulatory bodies too

Kelden:   yeah, this is a whole can of worms

Emily:  totally! I mean, we're talking about potentially severe legal and financial consequences for Tesla, let alone Elon Musk's own reputation... it's like he opened Pandora's box and now all sorts of drama is spilling out

Kelden:  alright well that wraps up our first topic. What do you think the takeaway from this whole situation should be?

Emily:  hmm, I'd say one thing for sure – accountability matters! Elon Musk needs to take responsibility for his actions  and make amends with Tesla's shareholders... it's time for some serious transparency

Kelden:  yeah. Alright, moving on to the next topic - FSD v12.4 facing delays

Emily:  oh boy, this one has got people talking! so a beta tester took down their testing video of FSD v12.4 but somehow managed to leave it up elsewhere... what's going on here?

Kelden:  yeah and some users are saying that they're not getting the update yet either – is Tesla just being slow or something more sinister at play

Emily:  exactly! I mean, we've seen this kind of thing before with software updates from Tesla - but when it comes to FSD specifically... people want answers, you know? Some folks might be thinking what's taking so long? while others are wondering if there's some underlying issue that needs fixing

Kelden:  yeah and what about the whole secrecy around testing – is that just a normal part of beta testing or something more concerning

Emily:  good point! I mean, we're used to seeing Tesla keep things under wraps when it comes to their tech development... but with FSD being such a critical feature for many owners, some people might be getting antsy about not knowing what's going on behind the scenes

Kelden:  yeah. And then there are those who say that this is just software testing and nothing more – do you think they have a point?

Emily:  hmm... I'm inclined to agree with them in part - beta testers usually keep things under wraps for good reason, like making sure everything runs smoothly before it's rolled out widely... but at the same time, some transparency wouldn't hurt either

Kelden:  yeah. Alright well that takes care of our second topic – moving on to adaptive headlights

Emily:  yay! finally something a little more positive - so Tesla is bringing adaptive headlights stateside for their 2024 models... what do you think about this feature? Is it just nice-to-have or game-changing?

Kelden:  I mean, as someone who's driven with those kinds of lights before – they're amazing

Emily:  really?! that sounds awesome! so the ability to adapt your headlights for curves and highway driving is a major safety boost... what was your experience like with them in other cars? Did you notice any significant difference

Kelden:  yeah, it made night drives much less stressful. And I'm sure Tesla owners will appreciate this feature too

Emily:  definitely! anything that improves visibility on the road has got to be a good thing - and for those who've been waiting patiently  for adaptive headlights in their Teslas... today's announcement is probably music to their ears

Kelden:  yeah. Alright, well I think we're all out of time – thanks for joining me again Emily!

Emily:  no problem Kelden - always a blast chatting with you about the latest Tesla news and drama! Thanks to our listeners too - don't forget to check us out on social media and give us your thoughts on these topics... until next week, stay charged up

Kelden: 