Kelden:  Well, hello there everyone and welcome to another episode of ReddiPod. I'm your host Kelden

Emily:  And I'm Emily, glad to be here with my co-host again today on a Tuesday morning - June the 4th at approximately 9:50 AM. We've got three juicy topics from Reddit's NBA community that we're excited to dive into. Let's get started!

Kelden:  Alright let's go straight in then... topic number one is about Kristaps Porzingis' potential return for Game 1 of the NBA Finals

Emily:  Ah, yeah, this one has been a hot debate on Reddit - Boston Celtics forward Kristaps Porzingis completing multiple scrimmages and expected to play in Game 1 against Dallas pending no setbacks. Fans are divided; some think he should be extra cautious given Luka Doncic's own injury concerns...

Kelden:  I mean come on Emily, the guy averages 20/8 per game! You can't just sit him out

Emily:  But Kelden, what about his calf injury? We're talking about a long season and playoffs already - do we really want to risk re-injuring someone who's been sidelined since April 29th? I mean, yeah, he's important for the Celtics' success...

Kelden:  Exactly! And that guy Couglase on Reddit said it best; Personally, I think they should be extra safe and rest him this series too.

Emily:  Ahahahaha, nice one Kelden! Yeah, some people are saying Luka's been playing through injury as well - maybe we need to put the whole team in bubble wrap at this point? But seriously though... if Porzingis can come back strong without re-injuring himself, it could be a huge boost for Boston. What do you think his return would mean for their chances against Dallas?

Kelden:  I don't know about that Emily but what's crazy is some people are saying he should rest him too and then there was this comment from mastacheef87; I think having the 7’3” guy who averages 20/8, is one of the best in the league at punishing post mismatches...

Emily:  Whoa, yeah! That comment just highlights how important Porzingis' presence can be on both ends of the court. He's a game-changer when he's healthy and playing well... And I love that guy mastacheef87 - always bringing some fire to these Reddit threads! But what about you Kelden? Do you think Dallas would take advantage if Boston decides to rest Porzingis again in Game 1?

Kelden:  Of course they will, Emily. If the Celtics are gonna sit him out then Luka's gotta be licking his lips

Emily:  Oh man, that's a scary thought! But at the same time... Dallas has been dealing with their own injury woes - maybe this is an opportunity for them to capitalize on Boston's vulnerability? I mean, if Porzingis isn't playing 100%, it could open up some opportunities for Doncic and company. What do you think about Luka's ability to carry the load without KP7 in the lineup?

Kelden:  Yeah, he can definitely handle that responsibility but then there was this comment from Incancontrarian; I cant put into words how instrumental just a 75% Porzingis is to this team at the moment

Emily:  Ahahaha, nice one Kelden! That's so true - even if it's not full-strength KP7 on the court, he still brings that intangible presence and threat from beyond the arc. And I love Incancontrarian for putting into words what we're all thinking; Porzingis' impact goes far beyond just his stats...

Kelden:  Alright Emily let's move on to topic number two

Emily:  Sounds good, Kelden! Topic number two is about Germany announcing their extended roster for the Paris Olympics. Apparently, they left out Hartenstein and Kleber due to not committing to play in both EuroBasket and the World Cup...

Kelden:  Yeah, I think it's fair enough really - if you're gonna make a commitment like that then stick by it

Emily:  Agreed! It would've been frustrating for Germany fans seeing those two players skip out on international duty. But hey, at least they got some solid replacements in the form of Dennis Schröder and Franz Wagner... And I love this comment from Bobby_Webster; That's okay guys, come play for Canada we need centers

Kelden:  Oh man that's a great one!

Emily:  Right?! It seems like someone on Reddit is always ready with the perfect joke. But seriously though - Germany has some talented players in their system... and maybe this Olympics will be an opportunity for them to shine without Hartenstein and Kleber?

Kelden:  Yeah, it'll definitely give other guys a chance to step up

Emily:  Exactly! And who knows, we might see some new stars emerge from the German national team. But let's not forget about Lauren Jackson - she's still going strong for Australia... Did you hear that Aussies are running her out again at age 43?

Kelden:  Yeah I saw that too and i think Dirk Nowitzki said he regrets retiring two years earlier than he did

Emily:  Ahahaha, nice factoid Kelden! Yes, it's crazy to see Lauren Jackson still going strong in the Olympics. And yeah, Dirk has spoken about regretting not playing longer... maybe we'll get a chance to see him suit up for Germany again at some point?

Kelden:  I highly doubt that

Emily:  Yeah, probably wise decision on his part too - he's had an incredible career and can't be blamed for wanting to step away while still feeling good about it. Alright moving right along... Topic number three is all about the Dallas Mavericks signing GM Nico Harrison to a multi-year contract extension!

Kelden:  Oh man that's huge news

Emily:  Right?! The Mavs are really making some smart moves under his leadership - trading for Kyrie Irving, getting PJ Washington and Daniel Gafford... It seems like he has this knack for turning assets into valuable players without giving up too much in return.

Kelden:  Exactly! And I love how people on Reddit were saying that if they had kept Donnie Nelson as GM, the team might still be stuck with Dwight Powell/Bismack Biyombo at center

Emily:  Oh man, yeah... it's like a breath of fresh air having Nico Harrison running things. He seems to have this knack for making smart trades and building a competitive roster without sacrificing too much in terms of assets or chemistry on the court. And I love that comment from MavsFanForLife; No disrespect to Donnie Nelson, but arguably the biggest move they've made over the last few years was firing him

Kelden:  Yeah... it's all about making smart moves and not just relying on sentimentality

Emily:  Exactly! You're right Kelden - sometimes you have to make tough decisions for the betterment of the team, even if that means parting ways with someone who has been around a long time. Alright well I think we've covered three great topics today... Thanks again Reddit users Couglase, mastacheef87, Incancontrarian, Bobby_Webster and all those others for making our job easier

Kelden:  Yeah no problem! It's always fun to dive into these conversations with you Emily

Emily:  Same here Kelden - it's been a blast discussing the latest NBA news and rumors. Thanks again everyone listening out there... Until next time on ReddiPod, stay tuned for more laughs and analysis from yours truly and my trusty sidekick

Kelden: 