Kelden:  welcome to ReddiPod, the podcast where we dive into all sorts of topics and have a good ol' time doing it. I'm your host Kelden

Emily:  And I'm Emily! We're recording on Tuesday June 4th at approximately 10:02 AM - perfect timing for our morning dose of banter and debate. So grab that cuppa, get comfy, and let's dive into today's topics from the soccer subreddit

Kelden:  yeah no kidding about needing a coffee this early in the day... so we've got three hot takes to tackle on tap

Emily:  I know, right? And speaking of hot takes, our first topic is gonna be sizzlin'! We're talking about Lucas Paqueta and that alleged betting scam. BigReeceJames brought it up with his post saying FA want to ban him for life after 60 bets were placed on West Ham's star midfielder being booked in Premier League matches

Kelden:  yeah, I mean this guy must've been living the high life... or maybe he was just trying to make a quick buck

Emily:  Haha, that £7 bet is definitely an eyebrow-raiser! But seriously, Kelyn, if these allegations are true, it's hard not to feel like Paqueta got caught up in some shady dealings. I mean, who does 60 bets and thinks they're gonna get away with it?

Kelden:  exactly... you'd think he would've known better

Emily:  Yeah, but maybe the allure of easy money clouded his judgment or something! And what's crazy is that if found guilty, a lifetime ban could be on the table. That's some serious consequences for just trying to make an extra buck

Kelden:  yeah and it's not like he was getting rich off this stuff... I mean £100k isn't exactly chump change but come on

Emily:  Exactly! Like you said, £100k is nothing compared to what these players are making in salaries alone. It just seems so petty that Paqueta would risk his career over something as trivial as a few grand

Kelden:  and it's not like he was some nobody either... West Ham fans were hyped about him coming on board

Emily:  Yeah, the Hammers had high hopes for this guy! And now look what happens. It's almost like they say all that glitters is not gold - Paqueta thought he could get away with something and ended up digging himself into a hole

Kelden:  wow... I mean it just goes to show you how easily people can fall prey to temptation

Emily:  Absolutely! And the pressure of being in the spotlight, trying to keep up appearances, and all that comes with playing at this level - it's easy for someone like Paqueta to get caught up in something he thought would be a quick score

Kelden:  yeah... I mean you'd think his friends or teammates might've said yo dude what are you doing?

Emily:  Ha! Yeah, maybe they did say that and Paqueta just ignored them. Or worse, maybe some of those people were in on it too? It's always interesting to see how these scandals unfold

Kelden:  yeah... so moving right along onto our next topic assistant   Emily; Sounds like a plan! Our second topic is all about Kylian Mbappé and his not-so-rosy experience with Paris St Germain. NotRay- brought up this juicy quote from Romano where he says PSG told him at the beginning of the season that they didn't want to play him anymore

Emily:  Whoa, what a bombshell! I mean, can you imagine being told that by your club after signing with them just months prior? Mbappé must've been feeling pretty low-key about it. And Romano's quote is like the cherry on top of this drama sundae

Kelden:  yeah... and now we know why he was so upset when they didn't give him a proper sendoff assistant  Emily;  Exactly! It makes sense that Mbappé would be bitter after being told to leave, especially if it wasn't exactly amicable. And I love how Romano's quote just laid all the drama out there for us

Emily:  Yeah, no beating around the bush! So what do you think went down behind-the-scenes? Was it just miscommunication or something more sinister at play?

Kelden:  well... maybe PSG was trying to make a statement with Neymar and Messi on board assistant  Emily; Ah-ha! I see where that's going. Yeah, could be they wanted to prioritize those two superstars over Mbappé. It's not like he didn't have his own success at the club either

Emily:  Exactly! Mbappé's been killing it, but I guess when you've got two of the best players in the world already on your team, someone's gotta take a backseat. And who knows what kind of politics went down behind-the-scenes

Kelden:  yeah... anyway moving right along to our last topic assistant  Emily;  Alrighty! Our final topic is all about Florentino Perez and his latest addition to Real Madrid's trophy cabinet - the Champions League title number 15, baby! AdamsSistersPants brought up this amazing image showcasing their UCL wins

Emily:  Whoa, that is some serious bragging rights! I mean, Real Madrid has always been the kings of Europe when it comes to this competition. But seeing all those trophies in one place? That's just incredible

Kelden:  yeah... and you know what they say about keeping up with the Joneses assistant  Emily;  Ha! Yeah, or in this case, Bayern Munich and Liverpool combined! It's like Real Madrid is saying Hey, we're not done yet!

Emily:  And can we talk for a second how ridiculous that is?! I mean, having as many Champions League titles as Bayern Munich and Liverpool combined? It's like Real Madrid has its own little trophy factory going on

Kelden: 