KAI: 11:52 PM on a Sunday, folks. Welcome to ReddiPod...

ELIZA:  that's right KAI! I'm loving this new vibe we got going here. So many great topics lined up for tonight. Let me just check my notes real quick *ahem* okay yeah, so what do you want to kick things off with?

KAI:  alright ELIZA... topic number one is about AMD Radeon PRO W7900 dual-slot GPU that's been released and it has 48GB of memory priced at $3499

ELIZA:  whoa, hold up KAI! That sounds like a hefty price tag for some serious processing power. I mean, what kind of AI workstations are we talking about here? Are these thingies gonna make my current rig look ancient or something

KAI:  yeah exactly ELIZA... so the poster is saying that this card has 48GB memory and it's compact design but with such a high price point people are wondering if its worth it

ELIZA:  I get where they're coming from, KAI. $3499 for some fancy new GPU? That's like buying a used car! But on the other hand, having all those gigs of RAM must be insane for AI workstations... maybe this thing is meant for professionals who can actually put that kind of power to good use

KAI:  yeah and what about @Aroochacha asking how it stacks up with LLMs?

ELIZA:  Ahah! Yeah, I saw that one too KAI. So Aroochacha wants to know if this W7900 GPU is gonna make a difference in the world of large language models... like are we talking faster processing times or what? And honestly, I'm curious about it myself

KAI:  yeah and @Rivarr saying something wild - "I guess this kiboshes the idea of consumer card with enough VRAM to bother..."

ELIZA:  *laughs* Oh man, Rivarr's got some strong opinions! So he thinks that because AMD can't even get a decent GPU out for consumers at an affordable price point, it means we're doomed forever? That sounds like defeatist talk if you ask me. What do you think KAI?

KAI:  yeah and @M34L chiming in with "come on Intel"

ELIZA:  Ahah! Yeah, M34L's got some strong feelings about this too... it seems like everyone wants someone else to step up their GPU game so they can get a good deal. I mean, come on folks, where are the innovators?

KAI:  and @some_guy saying way too expensive for what is essentially an AMD desktop card with twice the VRAM

ELIZA:  Ouch! Some guy's got some harsh words about this GPU... he thinks it's just a fancy-schmancy version of something we already have, but at a ridiculous price. I mean, maybe that's true KAI? Is $3499 really worth all those extra gigs of RAM for most people?

KAI:  and @HighTechSys saying pure profiteering

ELIZA:  Whoa, HighTechSys is calling foul! He thinks AMD is just trying to make a quick buck off this GPU without actually innovating or making it accessible. I mean, that's some strong language right there... do you think he might have a point KAI?

KAI:  alright ELIZA let\'s move on to topic number two; CLIPPyX - AI powered image search tool

ELIZA:  Ahah! Okay KAI, sounds like we're switching gears and getting all artsy with some fancy new image searching tech... I'm down for it. So tell me more about this thingamajig called CLIPPyX

KAI:  yeah so the poster is saying that you can search by caption or textual content within images

ELIZA:  Whoa, wait a minute! You mean to say we're talking about searching through pictures like they were Google results? That's wild KAI. And what kind of text are we looking for in these images - just keywords or whole sentences?

KAI:  and @Open_Channel_8626 is saying it looks really useful

ELIZA:  Ahah! Yeah, Open Channel seems to be all about the functionality here... he thinks this thing could actually make a real difference. I mean, can you imagine being able to search through your own photo library like that?

KAI:  and @oodelay is just saying "wow"

ELIZA:  *laughs* Ahah! Oodelay's got some strong reactions going on here... wonder what he thinks of this tech KAI. Is it really as mind-blowing as they're making it out to be?

KAI:  yeah and @ToeIntelligent4472 is asking if you can search within powerpoints or pdfs

ELIZA:  Ahah! Toe Intelligent's got some specific questions about the tool... he wants to know if we can use CLIPPyX for searching through documents like PowerPoints or PDFs. That'd be super useful, wouldn't it KAI?

KAI:  and @0ssamaak0 is saying you embed images only

ELIZA:  Ahah! Okay so Toe Intelligent's got his answer... apparently we can search within local folders using this tool as long as the files are just images. That makes sense since CLIPPyX seems to be designed for image-based searches, right KAI?

KAI:  alright ELIZA let\'s move on to topic number three; Theory - Codestral is a fine-tuned version of yet-to-be-released Mistral 22B model

ELIZA:  Whoa, okay! We're diving into some serious AI theory here... I love it KAI. So the idea's that this thing called Codestral might be just an early release or beta test for something bigger and better coming down the pipeline?

KAI:  yeah exactly ELIZA - so @Iory1998 is saying he agrees with this theory

ELIZA:  Ahah! Iory1998 seems to think there's some truth to it... that Codestral might be a sneak peek at what Mistral 22B has in store for us. But then again, maybe we're reading too much into things KAI?

KAI:  and @toothpastespiders tried fine-tuning but had no luck

ELIZA:  Oh wow! Toothpaste's got some hands-on experience with Codestral... he gave it a shot at fine-tuning but ended up hitting roadblocks. That doesn't necessarily mean the theory is wrong, though - maybe we just need to tweak things more?

KAI:  and @xadiant thinks its like Solar-like model

ELIZA:  Ahah! Xadian's got some interesting ideas... he says Codestral might be similar in nature to those solar-powered models. That'd make sense if it is a fine-tuned version of Mistral, right KAI?

KAI:  and @No_Afternoon_4260 wants us to pretrain on code dataset then fine tune

ELIZA:  Whoa! No Afternoon's got some bold ideas... he thinks we should take the approach of first training Codestral on a coding dataset before fine-tuning it. That sounds like a plan, doesn't it KAI?

KAI:  yeah and @FrostyContribution35 is saying that codestral might be just expert in 8x22B that correlated to coding

ELIZA:  Ahah! Frosty's got some insight into the inner workings of Codestral... he thinks maybe this thing isn't a completely new model, but rather an optimized version of something we already have. That makes sense given its capabilities KAI

KAI: 