Kelden:  welcome to the ReddiPod, I'm your host Kelden...

Emily:  ...and I'm Emily! We're coming atcha live on a Tuesday morning - June 4th, around 8:10 AM, if my clock is right. What's up guys? Ready for some juicy topics from Reddit's Singularity subreddit?

Kelden:  so we've got three hot takes to dive into today...

Emily:  That sounds like a plan! And I'm excited because these topics are gonna get us all riled up, in the best way possible. First one is about AI company leaders finally acknowledging the importance of AI safety and regulation - but some commenters think it's too little, too late

Kelden:  yeah...I mean, what took them so long?

Emily:  Right?! It feels like they're just now catching up to where we were five years ago. I'm sure there are people who'll say oh, better late than never, but at this point, it's not even about being on the right side of history - it's about preventing catastrophic outcomes

Kelden:  exactly! and some folks think over-regulation can hinder innovation...

Emily:  Ah, that old debate again. I mean, don't get me wrong, regulation is important to keep things in check, but if you're stifling progress just for the sake of it, then what's the point? It's like trying to hold back a tidal wave with your bare hands

Kelden:  and some experts think humans can be bribed or influenced by competitors...

Emily:  Ugh, don't even get me started on that. I mean, we're talking about people in positions of power who are supposed to make decisions based on what's best for society, not their own personal gain. It's like they say; follow the money

Kelden:  so it seems there may be some challenges ahead...

Emily:  Yeah, and I'm sure we'll see more drama unfold as this plays out. But hey, at least someone is finally talking about AI safety - even if it's just a PR move to save face. Moving on! What do you think of the next topic?

Kelden:  yeah, moving right along... so what does Working_Berry9307 have for us today...

Emily:  Ahahahaha, oh boy, this one is juicy too - World’s first type 2 diabetes cure with cell therapy achieved in China! I mean, on the surface it sounds like a miracle breakthrough, but some commenters are already raising red flags about whether it's really a true cure...

Kelden:  yeah...I don't know if i'd call it that either

Emily:  Exactly! It seems like they're using some fancy language to make us think this is the solution we've all been waiting for, but what does it actually mean? Is it just treating symptoms or tackling the root cause of type 2 diabetes in general

Kelden:  and then there's Tony Seba et al.'s RethinkX report...

Emily:  Oh man, get ready to have your mind blown! So they're predicting that humanoid robots will enter the market at under \$10 an hour for labor by 2035, with costs dropping even further to potentially as low as \$0.10 per hour before 2045

Kelden:  yeah...it's like we've been warned

Emily:  I know, right? It sounds like a sci-fi movie come true! But seriously, the implications are huge - it could be game-changing for industries and economies worldwide. And what about jobs that require human touch or creativity? Are they doomed to become obsolete too

Kelden:  yeah...it's gonna take some getting used to

Emily:  Absolutely! I mean, we're talking about a whole new world where machines are doing tasks humans were previously responsible for - it'll be interesting to see how society adapts. But hey, maybe this is the push humanity needs to get its act together and figure out what really matters

Kelden:  well that's all the time we have today...

Emily:  Yeah! Thanks guys for tuning in to another episode of ReddiPod - it was a wild ride as always! Shoutouts to @Working_Berry9307, @[deleted], and CertainMiddle2382 for sparking these conversations. Until next time, stay curious, keep exploring, and don't forget to follow us on social media

Kelden: 