Kelden: 12:54 AM, on this Tuesday morning... and welcome to the ReddiPod

Emily: ouch, late night podcasting! I'm glad we're doing this though, Kelden. So many juicy topics from Reddit today. What's got your attention?

Kelden:  yeah no kidding right?! Alright so first topic is about iPhone 16 Pro – apparently it might break records with its thinnest bezels on a smartphone ever

Emily:  wait, what? Thinner bezels are all the rage again! I mean, don't get me wrong, aesthetics can be important, but come on Apple, aren't there more pressing issues to focus on like battery life or...

Kelden:  exactly right. So @quantumhobbit says it's just an anti-feature because we're gonna cover up our phones with cases anyway

Emily:  oh man, that comment is spot-on! I mean, have you seen those phone case designs? They're basically a different material from the screen itself at this point. And don't even get me started on accidental touches...

Kelden:  yeah and it's like Samsung tried to do curved displays before but they were a total fail

Emily:  exactly! Remember when everyone thought curves would be all about innovation? Now we're back to flat screens, and I'm not sure what the point of this is. It just seems like Apple trying too hard to one-up themselves

Kelden:  or maybe it's because some people actually prefer a more compact phone

Emily:  fair enough! Some folks might enjoy having less screen real estate taken up by bezels. But for me, I'm all about functionality over form factor – if the battery life and performance are still there, why worry about how thin the edges are?

Kelden:  well, it's not like we're gonna upgrade from our current iPhones just because of thinner bezels

Emily:  haha, no way! Like @Adviseformeplz said on Reddit, their iPhone 13 Pro is near peak perfection – why fix what ain't broke, right? Unless... unless Apple has some other tricks up its sleeve

Kelden:  yeah and that's our first topic. moving on to the next one

Emily:  alright! What've we got lined up for us after this iPhone drama? Ah yes, @Lambdabam brought it – apparently Apple downgraded their new M2 iPad Air from a 10-core GPU to a 9-core without notice

Kelden:  yeah and that's just shady as hell

Emily:  I know, right?! It's like they're trying to keep something under wraps. And what really gets me is the Geekbench scores were already showing slower performance compared to the M2 iPad Pro... it's not like this was a surprise

Kelden:  exactly! So @throwmeaway1784 spotted that and now we have confirmation

Emily:  yeah, transparency in tech companies can be lacking sometimes. I mean, come on Apple – you're supposed to be all about innovation, but instead of being honest with your customers, you just quietly change specs without a peep

Kelden:  right? And it's not like they didn't advertise the M2 iPad Air as having that 10-core GPU either

Emily:  yeah! That screenshot from Wayback Machine shows Apple was still advertising those spec sheets up until recently. It's almost like they were trying to mislead people or something

Kelden:  and then there are some users who think it might lead to a class action lawsuit... I mean, that would be crazy 

Emily:  oh wow! A class-action suit? That'd be wild. But honestly, if Apple didn't come clean about the spec change, they deserve whatever consequences come their way

Kelden:  alright moving on to our third and final topic for today – iPad mini discussion

Emily:  yeah! The rumors are swirling that it might skip M-series chips due to battery concerns or cost. What do you think is going down with this tiny tablet?

Kelden:  I don't know, man... maybe they're just trying to keep costs low and the A18 chip would be sufficient for most users assistant  Emily;  yeah, could be! The iPad mini isn't exactly a powerhouse device anyway – it's more of an entertainment-focused thing. And like @peterosity said on Reddit, if Apple sticks with the A18 chip, that'd make sense

Emily:  but then again, there are some people who want that M-series power in their mini – like @sakamoto___ mentioned on Reddit, it'd be a dream come true

Kelden: 