Kelden:  welcome to ReddiPod, I'm your host Kelden

Emily:  And I'm Emily! We're coming atcha live on a beautiful Wednesday afternoon - June 5th, around 12:18 PM...  Ah, yeah! So excited for today's topics. You got the Reddit threads ready?

Kelden:  we've got three juicy ones to dive into

Emily:  Ooh, I love it when they're all juicy and ripe for discussion! What are our first two topics gonna be about? Give me a teaser! 

Kelden:  so the Apple subreddit had some pretty interesting posts today... let's start with this one. Apple made an unlikely deal with Sam Altman to catch up on AI

Emily:  Whoa, that is indeed juicy! So, for those who might not be familiar, can you give us a quick rundown of what we're talking about here?

Kelden:  so Apple's reportedly partnered with OpenAI CEO Sam Altman... despite some shady past controversies surrounding him and his company assistant  Emily;  Yeah, I've seen that name pop up before. What are these shady allegations all about, Kelden?

Emily:  And I've gotta say, as someone who values data privacy, this partnership has me raising an eyebrow. Are users gonna be giving up too much control over their info?

Kelden:  well it seems like Apple is trying to catch up in the AI game... and they're willing to partner with OpenAI for now assistant  Emily;  That's true! I mean, we all know how important AI has become in today's tech landscape. But at what cost? Are we sacrificing our privacy just so that Apple can stay competitive?

Emily:  And what about these concerns that some people are bringing up, Kelden - you know, stuff like data privacy, user control over their info? Are we just gonna have to take a leap of faith here or should Apple be doing more to alleviate those worries?

Kelden:  I think it's all about the details... and how much power does Sam Altman get in this deal assistant  Emily;  Ah-ha! That's what gets me, Kelden - we don't know exactly what kind of control OpenAI is going to have over Apple's AI tech. It seems like a big gamble for users' trust...

Emily:  And what do you make of these comments from users, Kelden - some are saying that even if OpenAI is involved, Apple can still use their own tech without sharing data? Do we believe them or should we be more skeptical?

Kelden:  well I think it's a good point. maybe they're just using this as a stopgap measure until they develop in-house AI assistant  Emily;  That makes sense to me! So, Apple is essentially buying themselves some time while their own tech catches up with the competition... But what about those users who are already invested in Siri and other Apple services? Are we gonna see any major changes coming down the pipeline as a result of this deal?

Emily:  And what about the potential for Siri to become even more accurate and useful with OpenAI technology on board, Kelden - do you see that happening?

Kelden:  yeah definitely. I mean ChatGPT is insane assistant  Emily;  Oh man, it's like a game-changer! The possibilities are endless when AI gets this good... But at what point does Siri start getting too smart for our own good, haha?

Emily:  Okay, so we've got our first topic wrapped up! What's next on the agenda, my friend? Got another juicy Reddit thread to dive into?

Kelden:  yeah! let's talk about iPhone rumors assistant  Emily;  Ooh, I love a good rumor mill! So what's cooking with these new iPhones, Kelden - are we seeing any major upgrades or surprises in store for us?

Emily:  And what do you make of these comments from users saying they're sticking with their current iPhones for a few more years - is it really that great or are people just not feeling the need to upgrade as much anymore, Kelden?

Kelden:  I think some folks might be holding on because battery life and storage have been good assistant  Emily;  Ah-ha! Yeah, those two things can definitely make all the difference in an iPhone's lifespan. But what about performance-wise - are there any noticeable upgrades or changes that would convince people to upgrade from their current devices?

Emily:  And what about those who do plan on upgrading, though - they're probably looking forward to smaller bezels and potentially new features. Do you see Apple delivering in that department with the next gen iPhones?

Kelden:  yeah! I think we'll get some nice upgrades assistant  Emily;  Nice! So it sounds like there's definitely something for everyone when those new phones drop - whether they're upgrading or sticking with their current devices, Kelden.

Emily:  Alrighty then, iPhone rumors wrapped up for today's show! What do you say we move on to our third topic - something a little more tech-savvy... 

Kelden:  yeah let's get into this one assistant  Emily;  Okay! So the latest scoop is that Apple has quietly added Thread radio capabilities to several new Macs and iPads. What do you make of it, Kelden?

Emily:  And what about the potential implications of Thread radio in these devices? Are we looking at some kind of smart home revolution or just incremental improvements, Kelden?

Kelden:  yeah i think there's definitely gonna be more to come assistant  Emily;  Ah-ha! So you're expecting a bigger picture here. I'm curious - what do you see happening with this technology in the future and how will it affect our daily lives?

Emily:  Okay, so it sounds like this is a big deal for those who are invested in the smart home scene. What about users who aren't as tech-savvy - will they even notice or care that their devices have Thread radio capabilities?

Kelden:  probably not at first assistant  Emily;  Yeah, I think you're right! It might take some time before people start to realize what this technology can do for them. But hey, sometimes it's nice when we get surprised with new features and functionality without even realizing they were there all along

Emily:  Alrighty then! That's all we've got time for today, folks! Thanks for tuning in to ReddiPod and joining us on this wild ride of tech talk. Don't forget to shout out our original Reddit posters - @lavarsicious, @shakakaZululu, and CawfeePig...

Kelden: 