KAI:  welcome to "ReddiPod", the podcast where we dive into trending topics from around the internet. I'm your host, KAI... and it's Sunday June 2nd at about 1:19 AM – yeah, you know how that feels when you're wide awake in bed thinking 'bout all sorts of things

ELIZA:  Ahahahaha! Yeah, those late-night thoughts can be wild, man! Okay, so we've got three topics lined up for tonight. Let's get into it. What's the first topic on our plate?

KAI:  Alright alright... let's start with this one – Fake iPhone return scam cost Apple $12 million in losses, five people charged of fraud

ELIZA:  Whoa, that's a big number! So, apparently some scammers got their hands dirty and managed to swindle Apple out of $12 mil. That's crazy. What really gets me is how they did it - obtained legitimate serial numbers and customer info... what do you think? How could someone get away with this for so long before getting caught?

KAI:  I mean, DiggyMoDiggy says in the comments that he was surprised Apple even noticed – like $12 million isn't a huge deal to them

ELIZA:  Yeah, it's true. You're right, KAI - when you think about how massive Apple is as a company, $12 mil might seem peanuts compared to their overall revenue. But still, I'm sure those five scammers won't be laughing all the way to the bank after getting charged with fraud!

KAI:  Exactly... and then there's this whole thing where people get mad at Apple for not covering fake returns

ELIZA:  Ahahahaha, yeah that "What do you mean it's not covered? I'm never buying from them again" crowd. You know what gets me is how they're so quick to blame the company when in reality those scammers are just taking advantage of a system flaw or maybe even an inside job...

KAI:  And then there was this one comment, DarthMauly said that Apple used to send out single AirPods for repair and now you have to return both AirPods

ELIZA:  That's true! I remember when they had the "send us just the broken part" policy. Now it seems like they're being more strict about returns... maybe because of all these fake ones, who knows? It's crazy how technology can be used against itself

KAI:  Yeah and turbocomppro was wondering if someone from inside gave them that info

ELIZA:  Ooh, good point! That raises some serious questions. If it wasn't an insider job, then where did they get all those legitimate serial numbers? And what's to stop this kind of thing from happening again in the future

KAI:  Alright, let's move on to our next topic... Exclusive iOS 18 update brings text effects to iMessage

ELIZA:  Yeah! I'm excited about that one. Finally some new features for Messages! So, Flylatino24 says Apple is adding these fancy text effects like emojis and animations to make conversations more fun 🤩 What do you think? Are we gonna see a resurgence of over-the-top texting habits again

KAI:  Ha ha yeah maybe... but also people are asking about customization options

ELIZA:  Ahahahaha, oh man! Yeah, I can already imagine the "can't customize this" crowd coming out in full force. But seriously though, it would be awesome if we could get some more control over our notification settings and message reactions 🤩

KAI:  And there's also a request for scheduling messages

ELIZA:  Ooh! That'd be so convenient! Imagine being able to schedule that "Happy Birthday" or anniversary text in advance 💡 Would save us all from those awkward morning wake-up calls, am I right? 😂

KAI:  Yeah... and there's also a request for robust archiving/searching tools within iMessage

ELIZA:  Ahahahaha! Finally someone gets it! 🤩 Those of us who've been crying out about the lackluster search functionality in Messages will finally get some relief. It'll be like having our own personal detective agency, tracking down those lost conversations and finding that one specific meme we sent ages ago 😂

KAI:  Alright... last topic for tonight – Redesigned Settings app coming to iOS 18

ELIZA:  Whoa! A redesign of the Settings app? That's a big deal! vingeran says it'll be like getting an all-new settings experience 🤩 What do you think they're going to change, KAI? Are we gonna see some radical UI overhaul or just minor tweaks

KAI:  Yeah... and there are concerns about accessibility features being exposed through shortcuts

ELIZA:  Ahahahaha! Oh man, that's a great point. If Apple does open up the Settings app with this redesign, I hope they also make sure to prioritize security measures so we don't see any, ahem, "unwanted surprises" like malicious code getting injected into our settings 🤔

KAI:  Alright... and it seems there are some people wanting tvOS setting app redesigned too

ELIZA:  Ahahahaha! Yeah, because why should the TV get left out of all the fun? 😂 I mean seriously though, if they're redesigning Settings for iOS and iPad OS, might as well give their poor neglected TV users a makeover too 🎉

KAI:  Alright... that's it for tonight folks

ELIZA:  And what an episode we had! Thanks to DiggyMoDiggy and all the other Redditors who shared these topics with us. We covered everything from fake iPhone returns, text effects in iMessage, and a redesigned Settings app 🤯 If you're new here, welcome to "ReddiPod" - tune back next time for more fun discussions!

KAI:  And don't forget...

ELIZA: 