{NAME_2}: 11:58 PM, June 3rd, welcome to "ReddiPod", the podcast where we dive into some of the most interesting topics from Reddit. I'm your host Kelden...

Emily: 11:58 on a Monday night, perfect timing! And joining me as always is my partner in crime, uh, let's say, chaos? *laughs* Welcome back everyone, to "ReddiPod" - our podcast where we take those wild and wacky Redditors' posts and break them down into something almost... coherent. I'm Emily.

Kelden: 11:58 PM on a Monday night

Emily: 11:58 PM on a Monday night! Yeah, it's one of my favorite times to be recording this podcast - everyone else is probably asleep or trying not to think about work the next day *laughs*. Alright, so what've we got for tonight?

Kelden: 3 topics from Apple subreddit.

Emily: ouch, that sounds like a recipe for trouble! But hey, who doesn't love some good ol' fashioned tech drama? So, let's dive in and see if our ears can handle the chaos *laughs*. What're these three topics Kelden got cooking up for us tonight?

Kelden: 1. Apple’s “I’m a Mac” guy returns to promote Windows on Arm PCs

Emily:  wait what?! The "I'm a Mac" guy, Justin Long, is back and this time he's promoting... *gasp* ...Windows on ARM PCs! I mean, can you imagine the irony? It's like David Hasselhoff singing about being German or something. What do people think of this move, Kelden?

Kelden:  some folks are saying that Apple should bring him back as a Mac user now

Emily:  haha, oh man, wouldn't that be rich?! "Hey guys, I used to hate Windows so much but then I became an Apple fanboy... and now I'm switching BACK to PC!" *laughs* But seriously though, can you imagine the marketing potential? Just think of all those old ads with Justin Long as a Mac user making fun of PCs being slow or whatever. Now he's like "oh wait, actually Windows on ARM is where it's at"

Kelden:  someone even joked about creating an Avengers team for PC users

Emily:  oh man that's great! So we're talking John Hodgman and Justin Long as the Mac guy, but then you need to add in some other characters... maybe like Dell Dude from those old ads? And what about Clippy from Office Assistant fame?! That would be a hilarious mashup of nostalgic tech personalities. "We are PC Avengers assemble!"

Kelden: 2nd topic; Epic Games judge tells Apple she wants all decision-making documents

Emily:  whoa, this is getting serious! So the judge in the Epic vs Apple case is basically telling Tim Cook and company to show her their hand - literally every document they've used when making decisions about App Store policies and fees. I mean, it's not like we haven't seen some shady stuff from Big Tech before... but wow, this could be a real bombshell if there are any skeletons in Apple's closet

Kelden:  she wants all documents relating to decision-making process

Emily:  oh boy, that's even more intense! So basically the judge is saying "I don't just want your spin on why you made these decisions, I want every single email thread, meeting notes, and Powerpoint slide from top-level executives down" - it's like a digital treasure trove of Apple drama. Can we get some popcorn ready for this?

Kelden: 3rd topic; M2 iPad Air performance claims are accurate despite GPU mix-up

Emily:  okay, so Apple initially said the new M2 iPad Air had a 10-core GPU and then later clarified it's actually got a 9-core... but they're still claiming those same performance numbers? Yeah, that doesn't exactly scream "transparency" to me. I mean, what else are we gonna find out is fake or exaggerated in their marketing materials?

Kelden:  some people feel Apple should offer refunds for this mistake

Emily:  yeah, and rightfully so! If they can't even get the specs right on a major product launch... that's like McDonald's serving up burgers with two buns but claiming it's three. I mean, come on Apple - you're supposed to be all about attention to detail. Now people are left wondering what other "mistakes" might've been made in their products or services

Kelden:  Electronic-Bed-6192 posted this topic

Emily:  thanks for the shoutout Kelden! So it looks like our Reddit poster, @Electronic_Bed_6192, is keeping us on our toes with some quality content. I mean, who wouldn't want to know if Apple's performance claims are accurate despite their GPU mix-up?

Kelden:  and we're out of time

Emily: 